README.md, before:

# Razer GTA V Police Lighting Effects

Razer devices lighting effect support for GTA V.
This plugin uses RAGE plugin hook & Colore API for Razer Synapse SDK.
    
        Adds police lighting effects to Chroma enabled Razer devices. The effects are currently based around presets which can be configured for the keyboard and mouse. 
        The color of the effects can also be modified to predefined color values or RGB values.
        This plugin supports ELS.

## Dependencies

- [RAGE Plugin Hook](http://ragepluginhook.net/)
- [Colore Razer SDK API](https://github.com/chroma-sdk/Colore)
- [CUE.NET SDK API](https://github.com/DarthAffe/CUE.NET)

## Currently supports

- Chroma enabled Razer keyboard
- Chroma enabled Razer mouse
- Cue enabled Corsair keyboard
- Cue enabled Corsair mouse

## Features

- Customize effect speed
- Enable on foot
- Customize colors
- Effect scan mode
- Pattern selection per device
- Selection of active Chroma devices
- Color configuration based on ELS configuration

## Changelog features for 2.0.0

- LML support
- Updated Cue SDK to v3.0.464
- Updated .NET framework to v4.8

Commit message:

Made it possible for both SDK's to be used at the same time

README.md, after:

# Razer GTA V Police Lighting Effects

Razer devices lighting effect support for GTA V.
This plugin uses RAGE plugin hook & Colore API for Razer Synapse SDK.
    
        Adds police lighting effects to Chroma enabled Razer devices. The effects are currently based around presets which can be configured for the keyboard and mouse. 
        The color of the effects can also be modified to predefined color values or RGB values.
        This plugin supports ELS.

## Dependencies

- [RAGE Plugin Hook](http://ragepluginhook.net/)
- [Colore Razer SDK API](https://github.com/chroma-sdk/Colore)
- [CUE.NET SDK API](https://github.com/DarthAffe/CUE.NET)

## Currently supports

- Chroma enabled Razer keyboard
- Chroma enabled Razer mouse
- Cue enabled Corsair keyboard
- Cue enabled Corsair mouse

## Features

- Customize effect speed
- Enable on foot
- Customize colors
- Effect scan mode
- Pattern selection per device
- Selection of active Chroma devices
- Color configuration based on ELS configuration

## Changelog features for 2.0.1

- Chroma SDK & iCue SDK can now be used together
- Captured Chroma SDK errors when checking the availability of the SDK
- Fixed a crash when ELS colors are enabled and the vehicle XML file doesn't exist
